Update description on the IO to use the JSON class (#6120)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/io/saving_games.rst

            # Call the node's save function.
            var node_data = node.call("save")

            # Creates the helper class to interact with JSON
            var json = JSON.new()

            # Convert save data into a serialized JSON string

>             var json_string = json.stringify(node_data)

Reviewer: This can be achieved with `JSON.stringify()` as a static method now. No need to create a new JSON instance.

Author: Thanks, I didn't know about that.   
Already updated the PR

Author: Something else that I should update?

Game saved! Now, to load, we'll read each

> line, use `parse()<class_json@parse>` method to read it back to a dict, and then iterate over

Reviewer: ```suggestion
line. Use the :ref:`parse<class_JSON_method_parse>` method to read the
JSON string back to a dictionary, and then iterate over
```
